More Thorough Post Exploitation
Previously, we learned that Ajla is
running on Ubuntu 16.04,
which is a fairly recent version.
We may not be able to find
a kernel exploit for this version.
However, we shouldn’t totally
rule out the possibility.
After enumerating running processes,
system services,
and installed applications,
we find that other than
the WordPress install,
the Ubuntu server is only running
default services and applications.
This does not look promising.
To complete the applications
and services assessment
we’ll run netstat to determine
what other ports might be open.
Unfortunately, the output doesn’t
reveal anything interesting either.
At this point, our best option is to
start looking at kernel exploits.
But first we need to find out which
kernel version our target is running.
Now that we have the kernel
version, we will return to searchsploit.
While many of these seem like they might
work one in particular grabs our attention
After reviewing the source
code for exploit 45010,
we see that it is well written, was tested
against several different kernel versions,
and has great instructions
on compiling and executing.
First, let’s find out if Ajla has gcc.
Unfortunately, Ajla does not have
the gcc binary installed
so we will need to compile the
exploit on our Kali machine,
transfer it to Ajla, and hope
that it will still work.